we present today 4 simple exercises
of facial yoga to revitalize the skin
of the face and tone the musculature of
the face
with the first exercise we are going to
get and redefine the facial oval and
fight double chin and double chin
For this we use both hands
we support a fist in the area of
chin drawing the shape of the
jaw inhale in two stages
we exhale in four times when inhaling
we relax the tension and when exhaling
we slowly exert pressure from the
fists against the jaw
We try to open our mouths at each
exhale the pressure of the fists we
prevents
of that double tension arises the
toning and redefining the oval
facial and musculature of the area
lower face
in a second version of this same
exercise
let's use again one or two
hands
we will open our mouths
this time with each exhale
we will try to close our mouths with
strength of the fist but the musculature
maxilla prevents us from inhaling two
time
relaxed the tension exhaled in four
times I exert the pressure of the fist
against the jaw
and swam in two times relaxed the tension
exhaled in four times slowly
I exercise the pressure
We will do 10 to 20 repetitions of
each version of this exercise
with this second exercise we are going to
get to pulp the cheeks and
bring a good immediate look
for this we will use both hands
we will support the fists on the cheeks
creating first an air chamber
independent in the mouth
inhale we have and exhale we have by the
nose
when we exhale we exert pressure from the
fists against the cheeks avoiding that
the air comes out through the mouth we inhale
we relax the tension and when exhaling
we exert the pressure of fists against
the cheeks we inhale in two times
we exhale in four times we inhale in
two times and exhale exercising that
pressure on the cheeks in four
time
We will do 10 to 20 repetitions of
This exercise
with this third exercise we are going to
get fight the edema look
weary dark circles and lines
expression of the outer contour of
eyes we will use the fingertips
index and heart we will support the buds in
the outer contour of the eye exercising
a constant but gentle pressure
first we look up at the
frowning avoiding wrinkling eyes or
front and nothing we will do in two times
exhale we have in four times to
exhale let's try to close the
lower eyelid when inhaling relax the
tension
when exhaling in four times we try
close the lower eyelid
when inhaling we relax the tension
we repeat 10 to 20 times this
exercise
this fourth exercise brings luminosity
general to the face and causes an effect
lifting of the brow and forehead
we use the fingers as a tool
index we rely on the drawing of
the eyebrow we raise the look to the eyebrow
we breathe in two times as we exhale in
four times
we try to raise the eyebrow the pressure of
finger in the opposite direction we what
prevents inhaling in two stages
relaxing the tension when exhaling in
four times we try to raise the eyebrow
we inhaled in two times relaxing the
we exhale tension in four times
trying to raise the eyebrow
we will do 10 to 20 repetitions of this
exercise